feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657efce98e958b75df86b305.md

---
id: 657efce98e958b75df86b305
title: Step 6
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

> Use the `append()` list method to add the converted character to the list you created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `append()` list method adds a given object to the end of the list you invoke it on.
```

> Use the `append()` list method to add the converted character to the list you created earlier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `.append()` list method to add the converted character to the list you created earlier.
```

```py
snake_cased_char_list.append(converted_character)
```

> The `append()` method adds a given object to the end of the list you invoke it on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `append()` method to add the converted character to the list you created earlier.
```

> The `append()` method adds a given object to the end of the list you invoke it on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.append()` method adds a given object to the end of the list you invoke it on.
```
